I figured I would post a quick video
maybe somebody can help me I'm having a
problem
it seems that it usually idle at about
700 maybe a little bit more but every so
often it kind of comes in intervals that
it dropped slower and rpms in the car
stumbles and I don't know if you can
hear it
or not so I'll be quiet
I replaced my TPS I believe about a year
ago but it just it doesn't seem like the
car wants to idle consistently
there we go I don't know if anybody can
see that
how it just dropped as low as it did now
maybe it's supposed to do that I mean it
is you know a higher mileage car and you
know I respect the fact that you know it
does have higher mileage but I just
don't know if it's something that can be
fixed if it's something that you know I
cleaned out the throttle body real well
it took a lot of gunk out of it but it
doesn't seem to be fixed and I even
removed the throttle position Center
sensor you know made sure it just
stumbled right there you know clean that
out real good put it back together you
know just to see if it's making any kind
of difference its stumbled again right
there I don't know if anybody has any
ideas you know I always welcome help I
don't know if anybody can see that I was
under the impression that the RPMs are
supposed to stay consistent I don't know
if the fact that the mileage on the car
plays the difference or not it's just
stumbled right there but if anybody has
any insight to what could be going on
that would be great I definitely
appreciate it it stumbled right there
again just yeah I don't know I don't
know the cheapest ran real well I've had
it for almost a year and a half two
years and I love it and if I can keep it
going smooth I'd like to stumble right
there any help would be great thank you
so much
one more thing I want to add I do notice
that if I shut the air conditioner off
or the fan or whichever one it is I turn
it back on if it does things with the
RPMs Osun I don't know if it's because
it's taking power away or what but I do
want to if I click the button the AC
button it does it if I turn it on it
does it does weird things but if I shut
it off completely it does it too so any
help would be greatly greatly
appreciated thank you so much
good bye